DOCS-2911: Document PSP betalingen for e-Boekhouden (#1944)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/accounting/integrations/e-boekhouden/_index.md

logo: '/svgs/E-boekhouden.svg'
layout: 'single'
title_short: "e-Boekhouden"
buttons_under_text: "Third-party integrations"
read_more: "."
short_description: "Read about how you can generate a MultiSafepay export and import to your e-Boekhouden platform"

> description_short: "Generate MultiSafepay Accountant Export Reports easily and import to your e-Boekhouden system."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description_short: "Easily generate MultiSafepay accountant export reports and import them into your e-Boekhouden system."
```

Reviewer: What's the difference between the short_description and the description_short?
